---
title: I Good You Bid Evening!
description: Time to set some goals for 2025
date: 2025-01-15
tags:
  - posts
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

Welcome back! You are coming "back" to read this second post right? You did read the first one, right? Well good, because in a natural sounding segue from that post I'm going to talk a bit about those New Year's Resolutions that I definitely don't do. I mean why should one wait to pursue their dreams just because the calendar hasn't flipped to a certain date yet? That's right, I'm firmly in the camp of the Vanilla Sky quote in this video below.

<div align="center" display="block">
  <iframe width="448" height="252" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jdX3LZCBwfg?si=HufI-M5zw5xJyQYr" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
So yes, why wait? Oh but before I continue, this line is said twice in that film and both times it is either proceeded or followed by a pretty poorly written line. I mean come on, "snowboarding through life" and "I'll see you in another life when we are both cats"? There are actually many good quotes from Vanilla Sky that are fun, memorable, and well written to me. Lines like "I good you bid evening!", "Just remember, the sweet is never as sweet without the sour.", "The little things... there's nothing bigger, is there?" and "My father wrote about this in his book. Chapter 1... Page 1... Paragraph 1: What is the answer to 99 out of 100 questions?... Money". But man there's just some weird ones that want to sound unique, deep, and profound like, "I think she's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini." that just hit like a soggy waffle. Ok, wow, that was way too long of a side note, it's an interesting movie, anyways... back to the topic at hand.

Start right now to go after what you want to achieve. If you're like me and really want to piss yourself off, write down "Why not now?" on top of any goal sheet, note, board, etc that you have. It will at least kick away about half of the excuses you'll have in your head and may break that inertia of actually getting started. Just do it. Straight up Nike style _(*I may not be a fan of Nike as a business but you can't get any better of a tag line, can you?)_

I figured I'd share one of the ways that has worked best for me in achieving (or getting very close to achieving) my goals. Maybe it also help you in your's `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`. It's called the "3-3-5-3" method. I first read about it in <u>Success Magazine</u> way back in the day and it has helped me "eat the elephant" one bite at a time. Wait, why are we eating elephants?  According to a Google search that can be attributed to St. Francis of Assisi... the animal saint? Really? I don't buy it Google!

Anyways, the format is on an index card (but you can use a spreadsheet ) and has your "Top 3 Most Important Goals" at the top. Underneath each of those you write down how you would feel if/when you were to achieve them. These first two "3"s stay the same every day. Then each day you come up with five tasks that you can do to get you <strong>ANY</strong> amount closer to them. Doesn't matter if it's an inch closer or a huge chunk, just some sort of progress. At the end to wrap things up, at you write down three things you were thankful for that day. That last part can surprise you and it will bring a smile to your face when you look back on it in the future.

So as you can see from the title of this blog, I enjoy dipping my toes into learning a plethora of things. This tends to be my main way of doing so, usually on a quarterly basis so the goals don't seem too far out of reach. "Which are your three right now?", you ask. Here they are:

<details><summary>Do my best to keep my family happy and healthy.</summary>
I have a wonderful baby boy, loving wife, amazing dog, and the rest of my family far-and-wide are great people that I want to enjoy more times with.</details>

<details><summary>Make Five (5) FPV (first-person view) Drone Videos</summary>
  I got bit by the FPV bug around this time last year and it's a lotta fun but also very challenging. I'll post future blogs on the hobby and what attracted me to it- but for now I want to showcase some of the skills I have via videos. The videos are going to probably suck, and that's ok. It's part of the learning process and I want to get them done so I can see where I can learn more in the future.</details>

<details><summary>Writing Six Blogs</summary>
  Yes, this! Read my first one to know why (shamless plug!)</details>

Now if you want to join in on the fun, let me know what you're looking to accomplish in the next 3-6 months. I don't care how big or small, maybe I can help or support your journey!